# astral

> This readme is automatically generated by [create-pastel-app](https://github.com/vadimdemedes/create-pastel-app)

## Install

```bash
$ npm install --global astral
```

## CLI

```
$ astral --help

  Usage
    $ astral

  Options
    --name  Your name

  Examples
    $ astral --name=Jane
    Hello, Jane
```


## TODO
1. Compare examples with Pulumi, update the exploration
2. Identify the first 3 components to build
3. Share w Eric/Drew/etc.

Economic Force: PaaS within cloud spending is ~211B market, with a 21% CAGR. Cloud spending is increasing at an agressive pace with no signs of slowing down.

Social Force: Teams are getting smaller. Elon, Google, Facebook are all laying off teams, reducing headcount, and wanting engineering to be more 'entrepreneurial'. This forces engineers to do more with less-- they need to know how to write Python and deploy.
Previously, these were separate jobs, but we're seeing a renaissance in 'one-man teams' where you design, build, and ship your ideas.

This doesn't have a place for engineers that specifically focus on DevOps.

Technological Force: Current LLM models and APIs, such as MCP from Anthropic, are allowing AI to connect to your infrastructure and give insights, with zero-coding experience.

For early-stage startups
who have small teams that aren't experienced in DevOps and need AWS,
Deep Space is a PaaS





## NOTES
# `uname` -> Darwin (Mac) | Linux (Linux) | undefined (Windows)
# `docker ps -a` shows either the list of images, or can't connect to daemon.


Dependencies:
Docker
Fastfetch??
